@menu
* Screens and displays::
* Gdk Objects::
* Gdk Structs::
* Gdk Enums::
* Gdk Flags::
@end menu

@node Screens and displays
@section Screens and displays

@menu
* display::
* screen::
@end menu

Multihead support is based around two main object types:
@itemize
@item @ref{display}
@item @ref{screen}
@end itemize

@ref{display} objects are the GDK representation of the X Display which
can be described as a workstation consisting of a keyboard a pointing
device (such as a mouse) and one or more screens. It is used to open and
keep track of various GdkScreen objects currently instanciated by the
application. It is also used to grab and release the keyboard and the
mouse pointer.

@ref{screen} objects are the GDK representation of a physical screen. It
is used throughout GDK and GTK+ to specify which screen the top level
windows are to be displayed on. It is also used to query the screen
specification and default settings such as the default colormap
(@code{screen-default-colormap}), the screen width
(@code{screen-width}), etc.

The following code samples demonstrate common usage of the objects
described above.

Testing the number of screen on the current display:
@lisp
(use-package :gdk)

(defvar *display* (default-display))

(display-name *display*) @result{} ":0.0"

(display-n-screens *display*) @result{} 1
@end lisp

Opening a second display:
(TODO)
@lisp
/* screen2_name needs to be initialized before calling 
/* gdk_display_new() */
second_display = gdk_display_new (&argc, &argv, second_screen_name);
if (second_display)
    second_screen = gdk_display_get_default_screen (second_display);
else 
  @{
	g_print ("Can't open display :\n\t%s\n\n",
		  second_screen_name);
    exit (1);	
  @}
/* now GdkScreen can be assigned to GtkWindows */

window = gtk_window_new (GTK_WINDOW_TOPLEVEL);
gtk_window_set_screen (window, second_screen);
@end lisp

@node display
@subsection display

@menu
* display-name::
* display-n-screens::
* display-default-screen::
@end menu

@Class display
@Superclass g-object

@ref{display} controls the keyboard/mouse pointer grabs and a set of @ref{screen}s.

@ref{display} objects purpose are two fold:

@itemize
@item To grab/ungrab keyboard focus and mouse pointer
@item To manage and provide information about the @ref{screen}(s) available for this @ref{display}
@end itemize

@ref{display} objects are the GDK representation of the X Display which
can be described as a workstation consisting of a keyboard a pointing
device (such as a mouse) and one or more screens. It is used to open and
keep track of various @ref{screen} objects currently instanciated by the
application. It is also used to grab and release the keyboard and the
mouse pointer.

@node display-name
@subsubsection display-name
@TypedAccessor {display-name, display, @code{string}}
The name of a @var{display} (e.g. @code{":0.0"})

@node display-n-screens
@subsubsection display-n-screens
@TypedAccessor {display-n-screens, display, @code{integer}}
The number of screen managed by the @var{display}.

@node display-default-screen
@subsubsection display-default-screens
@TypedAccessor {display-default-screen, display, @code{screen}}
The default screen of the @var{display}.

@node screen
@subsection screen

@Class screen
Superclass: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item @anchor{slot.screen.active-window}active-window. Type: @ref{gdk-window}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-active-window}@code{screen-active-window}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.composited-p}composited-p. Type: @code{boolean}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-composited-p}@code{screen-composited-p}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.default-colormap}default-colormap. Type: @ref{gdk-colormap}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-default-colormap}@code{screen-default-colormap}.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.display}display. Type: @ref{display}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-display}@code{screen-display}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.display-name}display-name. Type: @code{string}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-display-name}@code{screen-display-name}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.font-options}font-options. Type: gpointer. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-font-options}@code{screen-font-options}.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.height}height. Type: @code{integer}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-height}@code{screen-height}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.height-mm}height-mm. Type: @code{integer}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-height-mm}@code{screen-height-mm}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.n-monitors}n-monitors. Type: @code{integer}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-n-monitors}@code{screen-n-monitors}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.number}number. Type: @code{integer}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-number}@code{screen-number}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.resolution}resolution. Type: @code{double-float}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-resolution}@code{screen-resolution}.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.rgb-colormap}rgb-colormap. Type: @ref{gdk-colormap}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-rgb-colormap}@code{screen-rgb-colormap}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.rgb-visual}rgb-visual. Type: @ref{visual}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-rgb-visual}@code{screen-rgb-visual}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.rgba-colormap}rgba-colormap. Type: @ref{gdk-colormap}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-rgba-colormap}@code{screen-rgba-colormap}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.rgba-visual}rgba-visual. Type: @ref{visual}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-rgba-visual}@code{screen-rgba-visual}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.root-window}root-window. Type: @ref{gdk-window}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-root-window}@code{screen-root-window}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.system-colormap}system-colormap. Type: @ref{gdk-colormap}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-system-colormap}@code{screen-system-colormap}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.system-visual}system-visual. Type: @ref{visual}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-system-visual}@code{screen-system-visual}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.toplevel-windows}toplevel-windows. Type: list of @ref{gdk-window}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-toplevel-windows}@code{screen-toplevel-windows}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.visuals}visuals. Type: list of @ref{visual}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-visuals}@code{screen-visuals}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.width}width. Type: @code{integer}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-width}@code{screen-width}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.width-mm}width-mm. Type: @code{integer}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-width-mm}@code{screen-width-mm}. Read-only.
@item @anchor{slot.screen.window-stack}window-stack. Type: list of @ref{gdk-window}. Accessor: @anchor{fn.screen-window-stack}@code{screen-window-stack}. Read-only.
@end itemize


Signals:
@itemize
@item @anchor{signal.screen.composited-changed}\"composited-changed\". Signature: (instance @ref{screen}) @result{} void. Options: run-last.
@item @anchor{signal.screen.monitors-changed}\"monitors-changed\". Signature: (instance @ref{screen}) @result{} void. Options: run-last.
@item @anchor{signal.screen.size-changed}\"size-changed\". Signature: (instance @ref{screen}) @result{} void. Options: run-last.
@end itemize

@node Gdk Objects
@section Gdk Objects

@lowersections
@include gdk.objects.texi
@raisesections

@node Gdk Structs
@section Gdk Structs

@lowersections
@include gdk.structs.texi
@raisesections

@node Gdk Enums
@section Gdk Enums

@lowersections
@include gdk.enums.texi
@raisesections

@node Gdk Flags
@section Gdk Flags

@lowersections
@include gdk.flags.texi
@raisesections
