@menu
* gtk Classes::
* gtk Enums::
* gtk Flags::
@end menu

@node gtk Classes
@section gtk Classes

@menu
* about-dialog::
* accel-group::
* accel-label::
* accel-map::
* action::
* action-group::
* activatable::
* adjustment::
* alignment::
* array-list-store::
* arrow::
* aspect-frame::
* assistant::
* atk-implementor-iface::
* bin::
* box::
* buildable::
* builder::
* button::
* button-box::
* calendar::
* cell-editable::
* cell-layout::
* cell-renderer::
* cell-renderer-accel::
* cell-renderer-combo::
* cell-renderer-pixbuf::
* cell-renderer-progress::
* cell-renderer-spin::
* cell-renderer-text::
* cell-renderer-toggle::
* cell-view::
* check-button::
* check-menu-item::
* clipboard::
* color-button::
* color-selection::
* color-selection-dialog::
* combo-box::
* combo-box-entry::
* container::
* curve::
* dialog::
* drawing-area::
* editable::
* entry::
* entry-completion::
* event-box::
* expander::
* file-chooser::
* file-chooser-button::
* file-chooser-dialog::
* file-chooser-embed::
* file-chooser-widget::
* file-filter::
* fixed::
* font-button::
* font-selection::
* font-selection-dialog::
* frame::
* gamma-curve::
* gtk-object::
* gtk-window::
* h-box::
* h-button-box::
* h-paned::
* h-ruler::
* h-s-v::
* h-scale::
* h-scrollbar::
* h-separator::
* handle-box::
* i-m-context::
* icon-factory::
* icon-theme::
* icon-view::
* image::
* image-menu-item::
* input-dialog::
* invisible::
* item::
* label::
* layout::
* link-button::
* list-store::
* menu::
* menu-bar::
* menu-item::
* menu-shell::
* menu-tool-button::
* message-dialog::
* misc::
* notebook::
* old-editable::
* orientable::
* page-setup::
* paned::
* plug::
* print-context::
* print-operation::
* print-operation-preview::
* print-settings::
* progress::
* progress-bar::
* radio-action::
* radio-button::
* radio-menu-item::
* radio-tool-button::
* range::
* rc-style::
* recent-action::
* recent-chooser::
* recent-chooser-dialog::
* recent-chooser-menu::
* recent-chooser-widget::
* recent-filter::
* recent-manager::
* ruler::
* scale::
* scale-button::
* scrollbar::
* scrolled-window::
* separator::
* separator-menu-item::
* separator-tool-item::
* settings::
* size-group::
* socket::
* spin-button::
* status-icon::
* statusbar::
* style::
* table::
* tearoff-menu-item::
* text::
* text-buffer::
* text-child-anchor::
* text-mark::
* text-tag::
* text-tag-table::
* text-view::
* toggle-action::
* toggle-button::
* toggle-tool-button::
* tool-button::
* tool-item::
* tool-shell::
* toolbar::
* tooltip::
* tooltips::
* tree::
* tree-drag-dest::
* tree-drag-source::
* tree-item::
* tree-lisp-store::
* tree-model::
* tree-model-filter::
* tree-model-sort::
* tree-selection::
* tree-sortable::
* tree-store::
* tree-view::
* tree-view-column::
* ui-manager::
* v-box::
* v-button-box::
* v-paned::
* v-ruler::
* v-scale::
* v-scrollbar::
* v-separator::
* viewport::
* volume-button::
* widget::
* window-group::
@end menu

Reference of classes in package GTK

@node about-dialog
@subsection about-dialog
@Class about-dialog

Superclasses: @ref{dialog}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item artists. Type: @code{(list string)} (flags: readable writable)



@item authors. Type: @code{(list string)} (flags: readable writable)



@item comments. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item copyright. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item documenters. Type: @code{(list string)} (flags: readable writable)



@item license. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item logo. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item logo-icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item program-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item translator-credits. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item version. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item website. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item website-label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-license. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node accel-group
@subsection accel-group
@Class accel-group

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item is-locked. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item modifier-mask. Type: @ref{gdk-modifier-type} (flags: readable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item accel-activate. (@ref{g-object}, @code{(integer 0)}, @ref{gdk-modifier-type}) -> @code{boolean}  [detailed]

@item accel-changed. (@code{(integer 0)}, @ref{gdk-modifier-type}, GClosure) -> @code{null}  [run-first, detailed]

@end itemize

@node accel-label
@subsection accel-label
@Class accel-label

Superclasses: @ref{label}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accel-closure. Type: GClosure (flags: readable writable)



@item accel-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node accel-map
@subsection accel-map
@Class accel-map

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node action
@subsection action
@Class action

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accel-group

@item accel-path

@item action-group. Type: @ref{action-group} (flags: readable writable)



@item gicon. Type: GIcon (flags: readable writable)



@item hide-if-empty. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item is-important. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item sensitive. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item short-label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item stock-id. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltip. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible-horizontal. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible-overflown. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible-vertical. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, no-recurse]

@end itemize

@node action-group
@subsection action-group
@Class action-group

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item sensitive. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item translate-function

@item translation-domain

@item visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item connect-proxy. (@ref{action}, @ref{widget}) -> @code{null} 

@item disconnect-proxy. (@ref{action}, @ref{widget}) -> @code{null} 

@item post-activate. (@ref{action}) -> @code{null} 

@item pre-activate. (@ref{action}) -> @code{null} 

@end itemize

@node activatable
@subsection activatable
@Class activatable

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item related-action. Type: @ref{action} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-action-appearance. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node adjustment
@subsection adjustment
@Class adjustment

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item lower. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item page-increment. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item page-size. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item step-increment. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item upper. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item value. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, no-recurse]

@item value-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, no-recurse]

@end itemize

@node alignment
@subsection alignment
@Class alignment

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item bottom-padding. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item left-padding. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item right-padding. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item top-padding. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item xscale. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item yscale. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node array-list-store
@subsection array-list-store
@Class array-list-store

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{tree-model}

Slots:
@itemize
@item columns-getters

@item columns-types

@item items

@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node arrow
@subsection arrow
@Class arrow

Superclasses: @ref{misc}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item arrow-type. Type: @ref{arrow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item shadow-type. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node aspect-frame
@subsection aspect-frame
@Class aspect-frame

Superclasses: @ref{frame}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item obey-child. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item ratio. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node assistant
@subsection assistant
@Class assistant

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-window}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node atk-implementor-iface
@subsection atk-implementor-iface
@Class atk-implementor-iface

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node bin
@subsection bin
@Class bin

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node box
@subsection box
@Class box

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item homogeneous. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item spacing. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node buildable
@subsection buildable
@Class buildable

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node builder
@subsection builder
@Class builder

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item translation-domain. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node button
@subsection button
@Class button

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item focus-on-click. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item image. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item image-position. Type: @ref{position-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item relief. Type: @ref{relief-style} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-stock. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item use-underline. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, action]

@item clicked. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, action]

@item enter. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item leave. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item pressed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item released. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node button-box
@subsection button-box
@Class button-box

Superclasses: @ref{box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item layout-style. Type: @ref{button-box-style} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node calendar
@subsection calendar
@Class calendar

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item day. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item detail-function

@item detail-height-rows. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item detail-width-chars. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item month. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item no-month-change. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-day-names. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-details. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-heading. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-week-numbers. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item year. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item day-selected. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item day-selected-double-click. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item month-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item next-month. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item next-year. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item prev-month. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item prev-year. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node cell-editable
@subsection cell-editable
@Class cell-editable

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
@itemize
@item editing-done. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item remove-widget. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node cell-layout
@subsection cell-layout
@Class cell-layout

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node cell-renderer
@subsection cell-renderer
@Class cell-renderer

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item cell-background. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item cell-background-gdk. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item cell-background-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item editing. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item height. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item is-expanded. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item is-expander. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item mode. Type: @ref{cell-renderer-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@item sensitive. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item xpad. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item ypad. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item editing-canceled. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item editing-started. (@ref{cell-editable}, @code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node cell-renderer-accel
@subsection cell-renderer-accel
@Class cell-renderer-accel

Superclasses: @ref{cell-renderer-text}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accel-key. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item accel-mode. Type: @ref{cell-renderer-accel-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@item accel-mods. Type: @ref{gdk-modifier-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item keycode. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item accel-cleared. (@code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item accel-edited. (@code{string}, @code{(integer 0)}, @ref{gdk-modifier-type}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node cell-renderer-combo
@subsection cell-renderer-combo
@Class cell-renderer-combo

Superclasses: @ref{cell-renderer-text}

Slots:
@itemize
@item has-entry. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item changed. (@code{string}, GtkTreeIter) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node cell-renderer-pixbuf
@subsection cell-renderer-pixbuf
@Class cell-renderer-pixbuf

Superclasses: @ref{cell-renderer}

Slots:
@itemize
@item follow-state. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gicon. Type: GIcon (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixbuf. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixbuf-expander-closed. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixbuf-expander-open. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item stock-detail. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item stock-id. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item stock-size. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node cell-renderer-progress
@subsection cell-renderer-progress
@Class cell-renderer-progress

Superclasses: @ref{cell-renderer}

Slots:
@itemize
@item orientation. Type: @ref{progress-bar-orientation} (flags: readable writable)



@item pulse. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item value. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node cell-renderer-spin
@subsection cell-renderer-spin
@Class cell-renderer-spin

Superclasses: @ref{cell-renderer-text}

Slots:
@itemize
@item adjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item climb-rate. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item digits. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node cell-renderer-text
@subsection cell-renderer-text
@Class cell-renderer-text

Superclasses: @ref{cell-renderer}

Slots:
@itemize
@item align-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item alignment. Type: PangoAlignment (flags: readable writable)



@item attributes. Type: PangoAttrList (flags: readable writable)



@item background. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item background-gdk. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item background-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item editable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item editable-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item ellipsize. Type: PangoEllipsizeMode (flags: readable writable)



@item ellipsize-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item family. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item family-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item font. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item font-desc. Type: PangoFontDescription (flags: readable writable)



@item foreground. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item foreground-gdk. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item foreground-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item language. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item language-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item markup. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item rise. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item rise-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item scale. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item scale-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item single-paragraph-mode. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item size-points. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item size-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item stretch. Type: PangoStretch (flags: readable writable)



@item stretch-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item strikethrough. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item strikethrough-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item style. Type: PangoStyle (flags: readable writable)



@item style-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item underline. Type: PangoUnderline (flags: readable writable)



@item underline-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item variant. Type: PangoVariant (flags: readable writable)



@item variant-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item weight. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item weight-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item width-chars. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-mode. Type: PangoWrapMode (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item edited. (@code{string}, @code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node cell-renderer-toggle
@subsection cell-renderer-toggle
@Class cell-renderer-toggle

Superclasses: @ref{cell-renderer}

Slots:
@itemize
@item activatable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item active. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item inconsistent. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item indicator-size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item radio. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item toggled. (@code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node cell-view
@subsection cell-view
@Class cell-view

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-layout}

Slots:
@itemize
@item background. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item background-gdk. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item background-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item displayed-row

@item model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node check-button
@subsection check-button
@Class check-button

Superclasses: @ref{toggle-button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node check-menu-item
@subsection check-menu-item
@Class check-menu-item

Superclasses: @ref{menu-item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item active. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item draw-as-radio. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item inconsistent. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item toggled. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node clipboard
@subsection clipboard
@Class clipboard

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node color-button
@subsection color-button
@Class color-button

Superclasses: @ref{button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item alpha. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item color. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item title. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-alpha. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item color-set. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node color-selection
@subsection color-selection
@Class color-selection

Superclasses: @ref{v-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item current-alpha. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item current-color. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item has-opacity-control. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item has-palette. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item color-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node color-selection-dialog
@subsection color-selection-dialog
@Class color-selection-dialog

Superclasses: @ref{dialog}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item cancel-button. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable)



@item color-selection. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable)



@item help-button. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable)



@item ok-button. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node combo-box
@subsection combo-box
@Class combo-box

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-editable}, @ref{cell-layout}

Slots:
@itemize
@item active. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item active-iter

@item add-tearoffs. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item button-sensitivity. Type: @ref{sensitivity-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item column-span-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item focus-on-click. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item has-frame. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable)



@item popup-shown. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item row-separator-func

@item row-span-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item tearoff-title. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item move-active. (@ref{scroll-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item popdown. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item popup. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node combo-box-entry
@subsection combo-box-entry
@Class combo-box-entry

Superclasses: @ref{combo-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-editable}, @ref{cell-layout}

Slots:
@itemize
@item text-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node container
@subsection container
@Class container

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item border-width. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item child. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: writable)



@item focus-child

@item focus-hadjustment

@item focus-vadjustment

@item resize-mode. Type: @ref{resize-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item add. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item check-resize. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item remove. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item set-focus-child. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node curve
@subsection curve
@Class curve

Superclasses: @ref{drawing-area}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item curve-type. Type: @ref{curve-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item max-x. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item max-y. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item min-x. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item min-y. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item curve-type-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node dialog
@subsection dialog
@Class dialog

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-window}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item has-separator. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item close. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item response. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node drawing-area
@subsection drawing-area
@Class drawing-area

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node editable
@subsection editable
@Class editable

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
@itemize
@item changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item delete-text. (@code{integer}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item insert-text. (@code{string}, @code{integer}, @code{foreign-pointer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node entry
@subsection entry
@Class entry

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-editable}, @ref{editable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item activates-default. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item caps-lock-warning. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item cursor-position. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item editable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item has-frame. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item im-module. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item inner-border. Type: GtkBorder (flags: readable writable)



@item invisible-char. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item invisible-char-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item max-length. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item overwrite-mode. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-activatable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-gicon. Type: GIcon (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-pixbuf. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-sensitive. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-stock. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-storage-type. Type: @ref{image-type} (flags: readable)



@item primary-icon-tooltip-markup. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item primary-icon-tooltip-text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item progress-fraction. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item progress-pulse-step. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item scroll-offset. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item secondary-icon-activatable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-icon-gicon. Type: GIcon (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-icon-pixbuf. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-icon-sensitive. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-icon-stock. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-icon-storage-type. Type: @ref{image-type} (flags: readable)



@item secondary-icon-tooltip-markup. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-icon-tooltip-text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item selection-bound. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item shadow-type. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-length. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable)



@item truncate-multiline. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item visibility. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item width-chars. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item backspace. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item copy-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item cut-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item delete-from-cursor. (@ref{delete-type}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item icon-press. (GtkEntryIconPosition, GdkEvent) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item icon-release. (GtkEntryIconPosition, GdkEvent) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item insert-at-cursor. (@code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-cursor. (@ref{movement-step}, @code{integer}, @code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item paste-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item populate-popup. (@ref{menu}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item toggle-overwrite. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node entry-completion
@subsection entry-completion
@Class entry-completion

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-layout}

Slots:
@itemize
@item inline-completion. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item inline-selection. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item minimum-key-length. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable)



@item popup-completion. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item popup-set-width. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item popup-single-match. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item action-activated. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item cursor-on-match. (@ref{tree-model}, GtkTreeIter) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item insert-prefix. (@code{string}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item match-selected. (@ref{tree-model}, GtkTreeIter) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node event-box
@subsection event-box
@Class event-box

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item above-child. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible-window. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node expander
@subsection expander
@Class expander

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item expanded. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item label-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item spacing. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-markup. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item use-underline. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node file-chooser
@subsection file-chooser
@Class file-chooser

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item action. Type: @ref{file-chooser-action} (flags: readable writable)



@item current-folder

@item current-folder-uri

@item current-name

@item do-overwrite-confirmation. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item extra-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item file-system-backend. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable constructor-only)



@item filename

@item filter. Type: @ref{file-filter} (flags: readable writable)



@item local-only. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item preview-filename

@item preview-uri

@item preview-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item preview-widget-active. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item select-multiple. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-hidden. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item uri

@item use-preview-label. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item confirm-overwrite. () -> @ref{file-chooser-confirmation}  [run-last]

@item current-folder-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item file-activated. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item selection-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item update-preview. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node file-chooser-button
@subsection file-chooser-button
@Class file-chooser-button

Superclasses: @ref{h-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{file-chooser}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item dialog. Type: @ref{file-chooser} (flags: writable constructor-only)



@item focus-on-click. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item title. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item width-chars. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item file-set. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node file-chooser-dialog
@subsection file-chooser-dialog
@Class file-chooser-dialog

Superclasses: @ref{dialog}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{file-chooser}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node file-chooser-embed
@subsection file-chooser-embed
@Class file-chooser-embed

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node file-chooser-widget
@subsection file-chooser-widget
@Class file-chooser-widget

Superclasses: @ref{v-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{file-chooser}, @ref{file-chooser-embed}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node file-filter
@subsection file-filter
@Class file-filter

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item name

@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node fixed
@subsection fixed
@Class fixed

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item has-window

@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node font-button
@subsection font-button
@Class font-button

Superclasses: @ref{button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item font-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-size. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-style. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item title. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-font. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-size. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item font-set. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node font-selection
@subsection font-selection
@Class font-selection

Superclasses: @ref{v-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item font. Type: GdkFont (flags: readable)



@item font-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item preview-text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node font-selection-dialog
@subsection font-selection-dialog
@Class font-selection-dialog

Superclasses: @ref{dialog}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item apply-button

@item cancel-button

@item font-name

@item ok-button

@item preview-text

@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node frame
@subsection frame
@Class frame

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item label-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item label-xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item label-yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item shadow. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item shadow-type. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node gamma-curve
@subsection gamma-curve
@Class gamma-curve

Superclasses: @ref{v-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node gtk-object
@subsection gtk-object
@Class gtk-object

Superclasses: @ref{g-initially-unowned}

Slots:
@itemize
@item user-data. Type: @code{foreign-pointer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item destroy. () -> @code{null}  [run-cleanup, no-recurse, no-hooks]

@end itemize

@node gtk-window
@subsection gtk-window
@Class gtk-window

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accept-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item allow-grow. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item allow-shrink. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item decorated. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item default-height. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item default-width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item deletable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item destroy-with-parent. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item focus-on-map. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gravity. Type: @ref{gravity} (flags: readable writable)



@item has-toplevel-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item icon. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item is-active. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item modal. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item opacity. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item resizable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item role. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item screen. Type: @ref{screen} (flags: readable writable)



@item skip-pager-hint. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item skip-taskbar-hint. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item startup-id. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item title. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item transient-for. Type: @ref{gtk-window} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item type. Type: @ref{window-type} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item type-hint. Type: @ref{gdk-window-type-hint} (flags: readable writable)



@item urgency-hint. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item window-position. Type: @ref{window-position} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate-default. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item activate-focus. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item frame-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item keys-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item set-focus. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node h-box
@subsection h-box
@Class h-box

Superclasses: @ref{box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node h-button-box
@subsection h-button-box
@Class h-button-box

Superclasses: @ref{button-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node h-paned
@subsection h-paned
@Class h-paned

Superclasses: @ref{paned}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node h-ruler
@subsection h-ruler
@Class h-ruler

Superclasses: @ref{ruler}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node h-s-v
@subsection h-s-v
@Class h-s-v

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node h-scale
@subsection h-scale
@Class h-scale

Superclasses: @ref{scale}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node h-scrollbar
@subsection h-scrollbar
@Class h-scrollbar

Superclasses: @ref{scrollbar}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node h-separator
@subsection h-separator
@Class h-separator

Superclasses: @ref{separator}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node handle-box
@subsection handle-box
@Class handle-box

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item child-detached. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item handle-position. Type: @ref{position-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item shadow. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item shadow-type. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item snap-edge. Type: @ref{position-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item snap-edge-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item child-attached. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item child-detached. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node i-m-context
@subsection i-m-context
@Class i-m-context

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node icon-factory
@subsection icon-factory
@Class icon-factory

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node icon-theme
@subsection icon-theme
@Class icon-theme

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node icon-view
@subsection icon-view
@Class icon-view

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-layout}

Slots:
@itemize
@item column-spacing. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item columns. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item item-width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item margin. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item markup-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable)



@item orientation. Type: @ref{orientation} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixbuf-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item reorderable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item row-spacing. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item selection-mode. Type: @ref{selection-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@item spacing. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltip-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate-cursor-item. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item item-activated. (GtkTreePath) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item move-cursor. (@ref{movement-step}, @code{integer}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item select-all. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item select-cursor-item. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item selection-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item set-scroll-adjustments. (@ref{adjustment}, @ref{adjustment}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item toggle-cursor-item. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item unselect-all. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node image
@subsection image
@Class image

Superclasses: @ref{misc}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item file. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gicon. Type: GIcon (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-set. Type: GtkIconSet (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item image. Type: GdkImage (flags: readable writable)



@item mask. Type: @ref{pixmap} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixbuf. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixbuf-animation. Type: @ref{pixbuf-animation} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixel-size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixmap. Type: @ref{pixmap} (flags: readable writable)



@item stock. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item storage-type. Type: @ref{image-type} (flags: readable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node image-menu-item
@subsection image-menu-item
@Class image-menu-item

Superclasses: @ref{menu-item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accel-group. Type: @ref{accel-group} (flags: writable)



@item always-show-image. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item image. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-stock. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node input-dialog
@subsection input-dialog
@Class input-dialog

Superclasses: @ref{dialog}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node invisible
@subsection invisible
@Class invisible

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item screen. Type: @ref{screen} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node item
@subsection item
@Class item

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
@itemize
@item deselect. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item select. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item toggle. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node label
@subsection label
@Class label

Superclasses: @ref{misc}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item angle. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item attributes. Type: PangoAttrList (flags: readable writable)



@item cursor-position. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item ellipsize. Type: PangoEllipsizeMode (flags: readable writable)



@item justify. Type: @ref{justification} (flags: readable writable)



@item label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item max-width-chars. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item mnemonic-keyval. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable)



@item mnemonic-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item pattern. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item selectable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item selection-bound. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item single-line-mode. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-markup. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-underline. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item width-chars. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-mode. Type: PangoWrapMode (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item copy-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-cursor. (@ref{movement-step}, @code{integer}, @code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item populate-popup. (@ref{menu}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node layout
@subsection layout
@Class layout

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item bin-window

@item hadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item height. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item vadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item width. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item set-scroll-adjustments. (@ref{adjustment}, @ref{adjustment}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node link-button
@subsection link-button
@Class link-button

Superclasses: @ref{button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item uri. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item visited. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node list-store
@subsection list-store
@Class list-store

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{tree-drag-dest}, @ref{tree-drag-source}, @ref{tree-model}, @ref{tree-sortable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node menu
@subsection menu
@Class menu

Superclasses: @ref{menu-shell}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accel-group. Type: @ref{accel-group} (flags: readable writable)



@item accel-path. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item active. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item attach-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item monitor. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item screen

@item tearoff-state. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item tearoff-title. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item move-scroll. (@ref{scroll-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node menu-bar
@subsection menu-bar
@Class menu-bar

Superclasses: @ref{menu-shell}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item child-pack-direction. Type: @ref{pack-direction} (flags: readable writable)



@item pack-direction. Type: @ref{pack-direction} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node menu-item
@subsection menu-item
@Class menu-item

Superclasses: @ref{item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accel-path. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item right-justified. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item submenu. Type: @ref{menu} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-underline. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, action]

@item activate-item. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item toggle-size-allocate. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item toggle-size-request. (@code{foreign-pointer}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node menu-shell
@subsection menu-shell
@Class menu-shell

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item take-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate-current. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item cancel. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item cycle-focus. (@ref{direction-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item deactivate. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item move-current. (@ref{menu-direction-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-selected. (@code{integer}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item selection-done. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node menu-tool-button
@subsection menu-tool-button
@Class menu-tool-button

Superclasses: @ref{tool-button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item arrow-tooltip-markup

@item arrow-tooltip-text

@item menu. Type: @ref{menu} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item show-menu. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node message-dialog
@subsection message-dialog
@Class message-dialog

Superclasses: @ref{dialog}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item buttons. Type: @ref{buttons-type} (flags: writable constructor-only)



@item image. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item message-type. Type: @ref{message-type} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item secondary-text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item secondary-use-markup. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-markup. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node misc
@subsection misc
@Class misc

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item xpad. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item ypad. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node notebook
@subsection notebook
@Class notebook

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item enable-popup. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item group. Type: @code{foreign-pointer} (flags: readable writable)



@item group-id. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item homogeneous. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item page. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item scrollable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-border. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-tabs. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item tab-border. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: writable)



@item tab-hborder. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item tab-pos. Type: @ref{position-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item tab-vborder. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item change-current-page. (@code{integer}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item create-window. (@ref{widget}, @code{integer}, @code{integer}) -> @ref{notebook}  [run-last]

@item focus-tab. (@ref{notebook-tab}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item move-focus-out. (@ref{direction-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item page-added. (@ref{widget}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item page-removed. (@ref{widget}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item page-reordered. (@ref{widget}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item reorder-tab. (@ref{direction-type}, @code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item select-page. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item switch-page. (@code{foreign-pointer}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node old-editable
@subsection old-editable
@Class old-editable

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{editable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item editable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-position. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item copy-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item cut-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item kill-char. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item kill-line. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item kill-word. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-cursor. (@code{integer}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-page. (@code{integer}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-to-column. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-to-row. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-word. (@code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item paste-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item set-editable. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node orientable
@subsection orientable
@Class orientable

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item orientation. Type: @ref{orientation} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node page-setup
@subsection page-setup
@Class page-setup

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node paned
@subsection paned
@Class paned

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item max-position. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item min-position. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item position. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item position-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item accept-position. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item cancel-position. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item cycle-child-focus. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item cycle-handle-focus. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item move-handle. (@ref{scroll-type}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item toggle-handle-focus. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node plug
@subsection plug
@Class plug

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-window}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item embedded. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item socket-window. Type: @ref{gdk-window} (flags: readable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item embedded. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node print-context
@subsection print-context
@Class print-context

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node print-operation
@subsection print-operation
@Class print-operation

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{print-operation-preview}

Slots:
@itemize
@item allow-async. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item current-page. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item custom-tab-label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item default-page-setup. Type: @ref{page-setup} (flags: readable writable)



@item export-filename. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item job-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item n-pages. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item print-settings. Type: @ref{print-settings} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-progress. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item status. Type: @ref{print-status} (flags: readable)



@item status-string. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable)



@item track-print-status. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item unit. Type: @ref{unit} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-full-page. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item begin-print. (@ref{print-context}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item create-custom-widget. () -> @ref{g-object}  [run-last]

@item custom-widget-apply. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item done. (@ref{print-operation-result}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item draw-page. (@ref{print-context}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item end-print. (@ref{print-context}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item paginate. (@ref{print-context}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item preview. (@ref{print-operation-preview}, @ref{print-context}, @ref{gtk-window}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item request-page-setup. (@ref{print-context}, @code{integer}, @ref{page-setup}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item status-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node print-operation-preview
@subsection print-operation-preview
@Class print-operation-preview

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
@itemize
@item got-page-size. (@ref{print-context}, @ref{page-setup}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item ready. (@ref{print-context}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node print-settings
@subsection print-settings
@Class print-settings

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node progress
@subsection progress
@Class progress

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item activity-mode. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-text. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-xalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item text-yalign. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node progress-bar
@subsection progress-bar
@Class progress-bar

Superclasses: @ref{progress}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item activity-blocks. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item activity-step. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item adjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item bar-style. Type: @ref{progress-bar-style} (flags: readable writable)



@item discrete-blocks. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item ellipsize. Type: PangoEllipsizeMode (flags: readable writable)



@item fraction. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item orientation. Type: @ref{progress-bar-orientation} (flags: readable writable)



@item pulse-step. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node radio-action
@subsection radio-action
@Class radio-action

Superclasses: @ref{toggle-action}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item current-value. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item group. Type: @ref{radio-action} (flags: writable)



@item value. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item changed. (@ref{radio-action}) -> @code{null}  [run-first, no-recurse]

@end itemize

@node radio-button
@subsection radio-button
@Class radio-button

Superclasses: @ref{check-button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item group. Type: @ref{radio-button} (flags: writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item group-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node radio-menu-item
@subsection radio-menu-item
@Class radio-menu-item

Superclasses: @ref{check-menu-item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item group. Type: @ref{radio-menu-item} (flags: writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item group-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node radio-tool-button
@subsection radio-tool-button
@Class radio-tool-button

Superclasses: @ref{toggle-tool-button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item group. Type: @ref{radio-tool-button} (flags: writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node range
@subsection range
@Class range

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item adjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item fill-level. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item inverted. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item lower-stepper-sensitivity. Type: @ref{sensitivity-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item restrict-to-fill-level. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-fill-level. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item update-policy. Type: @ref{update-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item upper-stepper-sensitivity. Type: @ref{sensitivity-type} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item adjust-bounds. (@code{double-float}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item change-value. (@ref{scroll-type}, @code{double-float}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item move-slider. (@ref{scroll-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item value-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node rc-style
@subsection rc-style
@Class rc-style

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node recent-action
@subsection recent-action
@Class recent-action

Superclasses: @ref{action}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{recent-chooser}

Slots:
@itemize
@item show-numbers. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node recent-chooser
@subsection recent-chooser
@Class recent-chooser

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item filter. Type: @ref{recent-filter} (flags: readable writable)



@item limit. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item local-only. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item recent-manager. Type: @ref{recent-manager} (flags: writable constructor-only)



@item select-multiple. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-icons. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-not-found. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-private. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-tips. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item sort-type. Type: @ref{recent-sort-type} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item item-activated. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item selection-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node recent-chooser-dialog
@subsection recent-chooser-dialog
@Class recent-chooser-dialog

Superclasses: @ref{dialog}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{recent-chooser}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node recent-chooser-menu
@subsection recent-chooser-menu
@Class recent-chooser-menu

Superclasses: @ref{menu}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{recent-chooser}

Slots:
@itemize
@item show-numbers. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node recent-chooser-widget
@subsection recent-chooser-widget
@Class recent-chooser-widget

Superclasses: @ref{v-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}, @ref{recent-chooser}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node recent-filter
@subsection recent-filter
@Class recent-filter

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node recent-manager
@subsection recent-manager
@Class recent-manager

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item filename. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item limit. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node ruler
@subsection ruler
@Class ruler

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item lower. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item max-size. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item metric. Type: @ref{metric-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item position. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item upper. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node scale
@subsection scale
@Class scale

Superclasses: @ref{range}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item digits. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item draw-value. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item value-pos. Type: @ref{position-type} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item format-value. (@code{double-float}) -> @code{string}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node scale-button
@subsection scale-button
@Class scale-button

Superclasses: @ref{button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item adjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item icons. Type: @code{(list string)} (flags: readable writable)



@item size. Type: @ref{icon-size} (flags: readable writable)



@item value. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item popdown. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item popup. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item value-changed. (@code{double-float}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node scrollbar
@subsection scrollbar
@Class scrollbar

Superclasses: @ref{range}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node scrolled-window
@subsection scrolled-window
@Class scrolled-window

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item hadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item hscrollbar-policy. Type: @ref{policy-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item shadow-type. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item vadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item vscrollbar-policy. Type: @ref{policy-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item window-placement. Type: @ref{corner-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item window-placement-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item move-focus-out. (@ref{direction-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item scroll-child. (@ref{scroll-type}, @code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node separator
@subsection separator
@Class separator

Superclasses: @ref{widget}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node separator-menu-item
@subsection separator-menu-item
@Class separator-menu-item

Superclasses: @ref{menu-item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node separator-tool-item
@subsection separator-tool-item
@Class separator-tool-item

Superclasses: @ref{tool-item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item draw. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node settings
@subsection settings
@Class settings

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item color-hash. Type: GHashTable (flags: readable)



@item gtk-alternative-button-order. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-alternative-sort-arrows. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-button-images. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-can-change-accels. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-color-palette. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-color-scheme. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-cursor-blink. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-cursor-blink-time. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-cursor-blink-timeout. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-cursor-theme-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-cursor-theme-size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-dnd-drag-threshold. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-double-click-distance. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-double-click-time. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-enable-accels. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-enable-animations. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-enable-event-sounds. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-enable-input-feedback-sounds. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-enable-mnemonics. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-enable-tooltips. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-entry-password-hint-timeout. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-entry-select-on-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-error-bell. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-fallback-icon-theme. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-file-chooser-backend. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-font-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-fontconfig-timestamp. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-icon-sizes. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-icon-theme-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-im-module. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-key-theme-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-keynav-cursor-only. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-keynav-wrap-around. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-label-select-on-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-menu-bar-accel. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-menu-bar-popup-delay. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-menu-images. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-menu-popdown-delay. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-menu-popup-delay. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-modules. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-print-backends. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-print-preview-command. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-recent-files-limit. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-recent-files-max-age. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-scrolled-window-placement. Type: @ref{corner-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-show-input-method-menu. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-show-unicode-menu. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-sound-theme-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-split-cursor. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-theme-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-timeout-expand. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-timeout-initial. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-timeout-repeat. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-toolbar-icon-size. Type: @ref{icon-size} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-toolbar-style. Type: @ref{toolbar-style} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-tooltip-browse-mode-timeout. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-tooltip-browse-timeout. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-tooltip-timeout. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-touchscreen-mode. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-xft-antialias. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-xft-dpi. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-xft-hinting. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-xft-hintstyle. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item gtk-xft-rgba. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node size-group
@subsection size-group
@Class size-group

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item ignore-hidden. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item mode. Type: @ref{size-group-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node socket
@subsection socket
@Class socket

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node spin-button
@subsection spin-button
@Class spin-button

Superclasses: @ref{entry}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-editable}, @ref{editable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item adjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item climb-rate. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item digits. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item numeric. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item snap-to-ticks. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item update-policy. Type: @ref{spin-button-update-policy} (flags: readable writable)



@item value. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item change-value. (@ref{scroll-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item input. (@code{foreign-pointer}) -> @code{integer}  [run-last]

@item output. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item value-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item wrapped. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node status-icon
@subsection status-icon
@Class status-icon

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item blinking. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item embedded. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item file. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item gicon. Type: GIcon (flags: readable writable)



@item has-tooltip. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item orientation. Type: @ref{orientation} (flags: readable)



@item pixbuf. Type: @ref{pixbuf} (flags: readable writable)



@item screen. Type: @ref{screen} (flags: readable writable)



@item size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item stock. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item storage-type. Type: @ref{image-type} (flags: readable)



@item tooltip-markup. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltip-text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item activate. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, action]

@item button-press-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item button-release-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item popup-menu. (@code{(integer 0)}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-first, action]

@item query-tooltip. (@code{integer}, @code{integer}, @code{boolean}, @ref{tooltip}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item scroll-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item size-changed. (@code{integer}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node statusbar
@subsection statusbar
@Class statusbar

Superclasses: @ref{h-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item has-resize-grip. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item text-popped. (@code{(integer 0)}, @code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item text-pushed. (@code{(integer 0)}, @code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node style
@subsection style
@Class style

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node table
@subsection table
@Class table

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item column-spacing. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item homogeneous. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item n-columns. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item n-rows. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@item row-spacing. Type: @code{(integer 0)} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node tearoff-menu-item
@subsection tearoff-menu-item
@Class tearoff-menu-item

Superclasses: @ref{menu-item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node text
@subsection text
@Class text

Superclasses: @ref{old-editable}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{editable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item hadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item line-wrap. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item vadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item word-wrap. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item set-scroll-adjustments. (@ref{adjustment}, @ref{adjustment}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node text-buffer
@subsection text-buffer
@Class text-buffer

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item copy-target-list. Type: GtkTargetList (flags: readable)



@item cursor-position. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@item has-selection. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item paste-target-list. Type: GtkTargetList (flags: readable)



@item tag-table. Type: @ref{text-tag-table} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item apply-tag. (@ref{text-tag}, GtkTextIter, GtkTextIter) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item begin-user-action. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item delete-range. (GtkTextIter, GtkTextIter) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item end-user-action. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item insert-child-anchor. (GtkTextIter, @ref{text-child-anchor}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item insert-pixbuf. (GtkTextIter, @ref{pixbuf}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item insert-text. (GtkTextIter, @code{string}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item mark-deleted. (@ref{text-mark}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item mark-set. (GtkTextIter, @ref{text-mark}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item modified-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item paste-done. (@ref{clipboard}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item remove-tag. (@ref{text-tag}, GtkTextIter, GtkTextIter) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node text-child-anchor
@subsection text-child-anchor
@Class text-child-anchor

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node text-mark
@subsection text-mark
@Class text-mark

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item left-gravity. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node text-tag
@subsection text-tag
@Class text-tag

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accumulative-margin. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item background. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item background-full-height. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item background-full-height-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item background-gdk. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item background-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item background-stipple. Type: @ref{pixmap} (flags: readable writable)



@item background-stipple-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item direction. Type: @ref{text-direction} (flags: readable writable)



@item editable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item editable-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item family. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item family-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item font. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item font-desc. Type: PangoFontDescription (flags: readable writable)



@item foreground. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item foreground-gdk. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item foreground-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item foreground-stipple. Type: @ref{pixmap} (flags: readable writable)



@item foreground-stipple-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item indent. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item indent-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item invisible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item invisible-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item justification. Type: @ref{justification} (flags: readable writable)



@item justification-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item language. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item language-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item left-margin. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item left-margin-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item paragraph-background. Type: @code{string} (flags: writable)



@item paragraph-background-gdk. Type: GdkColor (flags: readable writable)



@item paragraph-background-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-above-lines. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-above-lines-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-below-lines. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-below-lines-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-inside-wrap. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-inside-wrap-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item priority

@item right-margin. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item right-margin-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item rise. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item rise-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item scale. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item scale-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item size-points. Type: @code{double-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item size-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item stretch. Type: PangoStretch (flags: readable writable)



@item stretch-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item strikethrough. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item strikethrough-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item style. Type: PangoStyle (flags: readable writable)



@item style-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item tabs. Type: PangoTabArray (flags: readable writable)



@item tabs-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item underline. Type: PangoUnderline (flags: readable writable)



@item underline-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item variant. Type: PangoVariant (flags: readable writable)



@item variant-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item weight. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item weight-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-mode. Type: @ref{wrap-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-mode-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item event. (@ref{g-object}, GdkEvent, GtkTextIter) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node text-tag-table
@subsection text-tag-table
@Class text-tag-table

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node text-view
@subsection text-view
@Class text-view

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accepts-tab. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item buffer. Type: @ref{text-buffer} (flags: readable writable)



@item cursor-visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item editable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item im-module. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item indent. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item justification. Type: @ref{justification} (flags: readable writable)



@item left-margin. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item overwrite. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-above-lines. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-below-lines. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item pixels-inside-wrap. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item right-margin. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item tabs. Type: PangoTabArray (flags: readable writable)



@item wrap-mode. Type: @ref{wrap-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item backspace. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item copy-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item cut-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item delete-from-cursor. (@ref{delete-type}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item insert-at-cursor. (@code{string}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-cursor. (@ref{movement-step}, @code{integer}, @code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item move-viewport. (@ref{scroll-step}, @code{integer}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item page-horizontally. (@code{integer}, @code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item paste-clipboard. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item populate-popup. (@ref{menu}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item select-all. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item set-anchor. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item set-scroll-adjustments. (@ref{adjustment}, @ref{adjustment}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item toggle-cursor-visible. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item toggle-overwrite. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node toggle-action
@subsection toggle-action
@Class toggle-action

Superclasses: @ref{action}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item active. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item draw-as-radio. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item toggled. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node toggle-button
@subsection toggle-button
@Class toggle-button

Superclasses: @ref{button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item active. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item draw-indicator. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item inconsistent. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item toggled. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node toggle-tool-button
@subsection toggle-tool-button
@Class toggle-tool-button

Superclasses: @ref{tool-button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item active. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item toggled. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node tool-button
@subsection tool-button
@Class tool-button

Superclasses: @ref{tool-item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item icon-name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item label. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item label-widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item stock-id. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item use-underline. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item clicked. () -> @code{null}  [run-first, action]

@end itemize

@node tool-item
@subsection tool-item
@Class tool-item

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item expand

@item icon-size

@item is-important. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item orientation

@item relief-style

@item toolbar-style

@item use-drag-window

@item visible-horizontal. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item visible-vertical. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item create-menu-proxy. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item set-tooltip. (@ref{tooltips}, @code{string}, @code{string}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item toolbar-reconfigured. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node tool-shell
@subsection tool-shell
@Class tool-shell

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node toolbar
@subsection toolbar
@Class toolbar

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}, @ref{tool-shell}

Slots:
@itemize
@item icon-size. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item icon-size-set. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item show-arrow. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item toolbar-style. Type: @ref{toolbar-style} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltips. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item focus-home-or-end. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item orientation-changed. (@ref{orientation}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item popup-context-menu. (@code{integer}, @code{integer}, @code{integer}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item style-changed. (@ref{toolbar-style}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node tooltip
@subsection tooltip
@Class tooltip

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node tooltips
@subsection tooltips
@Class tooltips

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node tree
@subsection tree
@Class tree

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node tree-drag-dest
@subsection tree-drag-dest
@Class tree-drag-dest

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node tree-drag-source
@subsection tree-drag-source
@Class tree-drag-source

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node tree-item
@subsection tree-item
@Class tree-item

Superclasses: @ref{item}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node tree-lisp-store
@subsection tree-lisp-store
@Class tree-lisp-store

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{tree-model}

Slots:
@itemize
@item columns-getters

@item columns-types

@item id-map

@item next-id-value

@item root

@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node tree-model
@subsection tree-model
@Class tree-model

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
@itemize
@item row-changed. (GtkTreePath, GtkTreeIter) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item row-deleted. (GtkTreePath) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item row-has-child-toggled. (GtkTreePath, GtkTreeIter) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item row-inserted. (GtkTreePath, GtkTreeIter) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item rows-reordered. (GtkTreePath, GtkTreeIter, @code{foreign-pointer}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@end itemize

@node tree-model-filter
@subsection tree-model-filter
@Class tree-model-filter

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{tree-drag-source}, @ref{tree-model}

Slots:
@itemize
@item child-model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@item virtual-root. Type: GtkTreePath (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node tree-model-sort
@subsection tree-model-sort
@Class tree-model-sort

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{tree-drag-source}, @ref{tree-model}, @ref{tree-sortable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable constructor-only)



@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node tree-selection
@subsection tree-selection
@Class tree-selection

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item mode

@item select-function

@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node tree-sortable
@subsection tree-sortable
@Class tree-sortable

Superclasses: @code{standard-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
@itemize
@item sort-column-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node tree-store
@subsection tree-store
@Class tree-store

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{tree-drag-dest}, @ref{tree-drag-source}, @ref{tree-model}, @ref{tree-sortable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node tree-view
@subsection tree-view
@Class tree-view

Superclasses: @ref{container}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item bin-window

@item column-drag-function

@item enable-grid-lines. Type: @ref{tree-view-grid-lines} (flags: readable writable)



@item enable-search. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item enable-tree-lines. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item expander-column. Type: @ref{tree-view-column} (flags: readable writable)



@item fixed-height-mode. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item hadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@item headers-clickable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item headers-visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item hover-expand. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item hover-selection. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item level-indentation. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item model. Type: @ref{tree-model} (flags: readable writable)



@item reorderable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item row-separator-func

@item rubber-banding. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item rules-hint. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item search-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item search-entry

@item search-equal-func

@item search-position-func

@item selection

@item show-expanders. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltip-column. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item vadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item columns-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item cursor-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item expand-collapse-cursor-row. (@code{boolean}, @code{boolean}, @code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item move-cursor. (@ref{movement-step}, @code{integer}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item row-activated. (GtkTreePath, @ref{tree-view-column}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item row-collapsed. (GtkTreeIter, GtkTreePath) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item row-expanded. (GtkTreeIter, GtkTreePath) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item select-all. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item select-cursor-parent. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item select-cursor-row. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item set-scroll-adjustments. (@ref{adjustment}, @ref{adjustment}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item start-interactive-search. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item test-collapse-row. (GtkTreeIter, GtkTreePath) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item test-expand-row. (GtkTreeIter, GtkTreePath) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item toggle-cursor-row. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item unselect-all. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node tree-view-column
@subsection tree-view-column
@Class tree-view-column

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-object}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{cell-layout}

Slots:
@itemize
@item alignment. Type: @code{single-float} (flags: readable writable)



@item cell-renderers

@item clickable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item expand. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item fixed-width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item max-width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item min-width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item reorderable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item resizable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item sizing. Type: @ref{tree-view-column-sizing} (flags: readable writable)



@item sort-column-id

@item sort-indicator. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item sort-order. Type: @ref{sort-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item spacing. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item title. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item tree-view

@item visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item widget. Type: @ref{widget} (flags: readable writable)



@item width. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item clicked. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node ui-manager
@subsection ui-manager
@Class ui-manager

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accel-group

@item add-tearoffs

@item ui

@end itemize
Signals:
None


@node v-box
@subsection v-box
@Class v-box

Superclasses: @ref{box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node v-button-box
@subsection v-button-box
@Class v-button-box

Superclasses: @ref{button-box}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node v-paned
@subsection v-paned
@Class v-paned

Superclasses: @ref{paned}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node v-ruler
@subsection v-ruler
@Class v-ruler

Superclasses: @ref{ruler}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node v-scale
@subsection v-scale
@Class v-scale

Superclasses: @ref{scale}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node v-scrollbar
@subsection v-scrollbar
@Class v-scrollbar

Superclasses: @ref{scrollbar}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node v-separator
@subsection v-separator
@Class v-separator

Superclasses: @ref{separator}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node viewport
@subsection viewport
@Class viewport

Superclasses: @ref{bin}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item hadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@item shadow-type. Type: @ref{shadow-type} (flags: readable writable)



@item vadjustment. Type: @ref{adjustment} (flags: readable writable constructor)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item set-scroll-adjustments. (@ref{adjustment}, @ref{adjustment}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@end itemize

@node volume-button
@subsection volume-button
@Class volume-button

Superclasses: @ref{scale-button}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{activatable}, @ref{buildable}, @ref{orientable}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node widget
@subsection widget
@Class widget

Superclasses: @ref{gtk-object}, @ref{atk-implementor-iface}, @ref{buildable}

Slots:
@itemize
@item accessible

@item app-paintable. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item can-default. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item can-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item composite-child. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable)



@item composite-name

@item direction

@item events. Type: @ref{event-mask} (flags: readable writable)



@item extension-events. Type: @ref{gdk-extension-mode} (flags: readable writable)



@item has-default. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item has-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item has-tooltip. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item height-request. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item is-focus. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item name. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item no-show-all. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item parent. Type: @ref{container} (flags: readable writable)



@item receives-default. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item redraw-on-allocate

@item sensitive. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item style. Type: @ref{style} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltip-markup. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltip-text. Type: @code{string} (flags: readable writable)



@item tooltip-window

@item visible. Type: @code{boolean} (flags: readable writable)



@item width-request. Type: @code{integer} (flags: readable writable)



@item window. Type: @ref{gdk-window} (flags: readable)



@end itemize
Signals:
@itemize
@item accel-closures-changed. () -> @code{null} 

@item button-press-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item button-release-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item can-activate-accel. (@code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item child-notify. (@code{class-property-info}) -> @code{null}  [run-first, no-recurse, detailed, no-hooks]

@item client-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item composited-changed. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item configure-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item damage-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item delete-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item destroy-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item direction-changed. (@ref{text-direction}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item drag-begin. (@ref{drag-context}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item drag-data-delete. (@ref{drag-context}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item drag-data-get. (@ref{drag-context}, GtkSelectionData, @code{(integer 0)}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item drag-data-received. (@ref{drag-context}, @code{integer}, @code{integer}, GtkSelectionData, @code{(integer 0)}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item drag-drop. (@ref{drag-context}, @code{integer}, @code{integer}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item drag-end. (@ref{drag-context}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item drag-failed. (@ref{drag-context}, @ref{drag-result}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item drag-leave. (@ref{drag-context}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item drag-motion. (@ref{drag-context}, @code{integer}, @code{integer}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item enter-notify-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item event-after. (GdkEvent) -> @code{null} 

@item expose-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item focus. (@ref{direction-type}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item focus-in-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item focus-out-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item grab-broken-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item grab-focus. () -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item grab-notify. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item hide. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item hierarchy-changed. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item key-press-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item key-release-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item keynav-failed. (@ref{direction-type}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item leave-notify-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item map. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item map-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item mnemonic-activate. (@code{boolean}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item motion-notify-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item move-focus. (@ref{direction-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-last, action]

@item no-expose-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item parent-set. (@ref{widget}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item popup-menu. () -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item property-notify-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item proximity-in-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item proximity-out-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item query-tooltip. (@code{integer}, @code{integer}, @code{boolean}, @ref{tooltip}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item realize. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item screen-changed. (@ref{screen}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item scroll-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item selection-clear-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item selection-get. (GtkSelectionData, @code{(integer 0)}, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item selection-notify-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item selection-received. (GtkSelectionData, @code{(integer 0)}) -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item selection-request-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item show. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item show-help. (@ref{widget-help-type}) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last, action]

@item size-allocate. (GdkRectangle) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item size-request. (GtkRequisition) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item state-changed. (@ref{state-type}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item style-set. (@ref{style}) -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item unmap. () -> @code{null}  [run-first]

@item unmap-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item unrealize. () -> @code{null}  [run-last]

@item visibility-notify-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@item window-state-event. (GdkEvent) -> @code{boolean}  [run-last]

@end itemize

@node window-group
@subsection window-group
@Class window-group

Superclasses: @ref{g-object}

Slots:
None

Signals:
None


@node gtk Enums
@section gtk Enums

@menu
* anchor-type::
* arrow-type::
* assistant-page-type::
* builder-error::
* button-box-style::
* buttons-type::
* c-list-drag-pos::
* c-tree-expander-style::
* c-tree-expansion-type::
* c-tree-line-style::
* c-tree-pos::
* cell-renderer-accel-mode::
* cell-renderer-mode::
* cell-type::
* corner-type::
* curve-type::
* delete-type::
* direction-type::
* drag-result::
* expander-style::
* file-chooser-action::
* file-chooser-confirmation::
* file-chooser-error::
* i-m-preedit-style::
* i-m-status-style::
* icon-size::
* icon-theme-error::
* icon-view-drop-position::
* image-type::
* justification::
* match-type::
* menu-direction-type::
* message-type::
* metric-type::
* movement-step::
* notebook-tab::
* number-up-layout::
* orientation::
* pack-direction::
* pack-type::
* page-orientation::
* page-set::
* path-priority-type::
* path-type::
* policy-type::
* position-type::
* preview-type::
* print-duplex::
* print-error::
* print-operation-action::
* print-operation-result::
* print-pages::
* print-quality::
* print-status::
* progress-bar-orientation::
* progress-bar-style::
* rc-token-type::
* recent-chooser-error::
* recent-manager-error::
* recent-sort-type::
* relief-style::
* resize-mode::
* response-type::
* scroll-step::
* scroll-type::
* selection-mode::
* sensitivity-type::
* shadow-type::
* side-type::
* size-group-mode::
* sort-type::
* spin-button-update-policy::
* spin-type::
* state-type::
* submenu-direction::
* submenu-placement::
* text-buffer-target-info::
* text-direction::
* text-window-type::
* toolbar-child-type::
* toolbar-space-style::
* toolbar-style::
* tree-view-column-sizing::
* tree-view-drop-position::
* tree-view-grid-lines::
* tree-view-mode::
* unit::
* update-type::
* visibility::
* widget-help-type::
* window-position::
* window-type::
* wrap-mode::
@end menu

Reference of enums in package GTK

@node anchor-type
@subsection anchor-type
@Enum anchor-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :center
@item :north
@item :north-west
@item :north-east
@item :south
@item :south-west
@item :south-east
@item :west
@item :east
@item :n
@item :nw
@item :ne
@item :s
@item :sw
@item :se
@item :w
@item :e
@end itemize


@node arrow-type
@subsection arrow-type
@Enum arrow-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :up
@item :down
@item :left
@item :right
@item :none
@end itemize


@node assistant-page-type
@subsection assistant-page-type
@Enum assistant-page-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :content
@item :intro
@item :confirm
@item :summary
@item :progress
@end itemize


@node builder-error
@subsection builder-error
@Enum builder-error
Values:
@itemize
@item :invalid-type-function
@item :unhandled-tag
@item :missing-attribute
@item :invalid-attribute
@item :invalid-tag
@item :missing-property-value
@item :invalid-value
@item :version-mismatch
@item :duplicate-id
@end itemize


@node button-box-style
@subsection button-box-style
@Enum button-box-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :default-style
@item :spread
@item :edge
@item :start
@item :end
@item :center
@end itemize


@node buttons-type
@subsection buttons-type
@Enum buttons-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :ok
@item :close
@item :cancel
@item :yes-no
@item :ok-cancel
@end itemize


@node c-list-drag-pos
@subsection c-list-drag-pos
@Enum c-list-drag-pos
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :before
@item :into
@item :after
@end itemize


@node c-tree-expander-style
@subsection c-tree-expander-style
@Enum c-tree-expander-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :square
@item :triangle
@item :circular
@end itemize


@node c-tree-expansion-type
@subsection c-tree-expansion-type
@Enum c-tree-expansion-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :expand
@item :expand-recursive
@item :collapse
@item :collapse-recursive
@item :toggle
@item :toggle-recursive
@end itemize


@node c-tree-line-style
@subsection c-tree-line-style
@Enum c-tree-line-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :solid
@item :dotted
@item :tabbed
@end itemize


@node c-tree-pos
@subsection c-tree-pos
@Enum c-tree-pos
Values:
@itemize
@item :before
@item :as-child
@item :after
@end itemize


@node cell-renderer-accel-mode
@subsection cell-renderer-accel-mode
@Enum cell-renderer-accel-mode
Values:
@itemize
@item :gtk
@item :other
@end itemize


@node cell-renderer-mode
@subsection cell-renderer-mode
@Enum cell-renderer-mode
Values:
@itemize
@item :inert
@item :activatable
@item :editable
@end itemize


@node cell-type
@subsection cell-type
@Enum cell-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :empty
@item :text
@item :pixmap
@item :pixtext
@item :widget
@end itemize


@node corner-type
@subsection corner-type
@Enum corner-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :top-left
@item :bottom-left
@item :top-right
@item :bottom-right
@end itemize


@node curve-type
@subsection curve-type
@Enum curve-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :linear
@item :spline
@item :free
@end itemize


@node delete-type
@subsection delete-type
@Enum delete-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :chars
@item :word-ends
@item :words
@item :display-lines
@item :display-line-ends
@item :paragraph-ends
@item :paragraphs
@item :whitespace
@end itemize


@node direction-type
@subsection direction-type
@Enum direction-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :tab-forward
@item :tab-backward
@item :up
@item :down
@item :left
@item :right
@end itemize


@node drag-result
@subsection drag-result
@Enum drag-result
Values:
@itemize
@item :success
@item :no-target
@item :user-cancelled
@item :timeout-expired
@item :grab-broken
@item :error
@end itemize


@node expander-style
@subsection expander-style
@Enum expander-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :collapsed
@item :semi-collapsed
@item :semi-expanded
@item :expanded
@end itemize


@node file-chooser-action
@subsection file-chooser-action
@Enum file-chooser-action
Values:
@itemize
@item :open
@item :save
@item :select-folder
@item :create-folder
@end itemize


@node file-chooser-confirmation
@subsection file-chooser-confirmation
@Enum file-chooser-confirmation
Values:
@itemize
@item :confirm
@item :accept-filename
@item :select-again
@end itemize


@node file-chooser-error
@subsection file-chooser-error
@Enum file-chooser-error
Values:
@itemize
@item :nonexistent
@item :bad-filename
@item :already-exists
@item :incomplete-hostname
@end itemize


@node i-m-preedit-style
@subsection i-m-preedit-style
@Enum i-m-preedit-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :nothing
@item :callback
@item :none
@end itemize


@node i-m-status-style
@subsection i-m-status-style
@Enum i-m-status-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :nothing
@item :callback
@item :none
@end itemize


@node icon-size
@subsection icon-size
@Enum icon-size
Values:
@itemize
@item :invalid
@item :menu
@item :small-toolbar
@item :large-toolbar
@item :button
@item :dnd
@item :dialog
@end itemize


@node icon-theme-error
@subsection icon-theme-error
@Enum icon-theme-error
Values:
@itemize
@item :not-found
@item :failed
@end itemize


@node icon-view-drop-position
@subsection icon-view-drop-position
@Enum icon-view-drop-position
Values:
@itemize
@item :no-drop
@item :drop-into
@item :drop-left
@item :drop-right
@item :drop-above
@item :drop-below
@end itemize


@node image-type
@subsection image-type
@Enum image-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :empty
@item :pixmap
@item :image
@item :pixbuf
@item :stock
@item :icon-set
@item :animation
@item :icon-name
@item :gicon
@end itemize


@node justification
@subsection justification
@Enum justification
Values:
@itemize
@item :left
@item :right
@item :center
@item :fill
@end itemize


@node match-type
@subsection match-type
@Enum match-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :all
@item :all-tail
@item :head
@item :tail
@item :exact
@item :last
@end itemize


@node menu-direction-type
@subsection menu-direction-type
@Enum menu-direction-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :parent
@item :child
@item :next
@item :prev
@end itemize


@node message-type
@subsection message-type
@Enum message-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :info
@item :warning
@item :question
@item :error
@item :other
@end itemize


@node metric-type
@subsection metric-type
@Enum metric-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :pixels
@item :inches
@item :centimeters
@end itemize


@node movement-step
@subsection movement-step
@Enum movement-step
Values:
@itemize
@item :logical-positions
@item :visual-positions
@item :words
@item :display-lines
@item :display-line-ends
@item :paragraphs
@item :paragraph-ends
@item :pages
@item :buffer-ends
@item :horizontal-pages
@end itemize


@node notebook-tab
@subsection notebook-tab
@Enum notebook-tab
Values:
@itemize
@item :first
@item :last
@end itemize


@node number-up-layout
@subsection number-up-layout
@Enum number-up-layout
Values:
@itemize
@item :lrtb
@item :lrbt
@item :rltb
@item :rlbt
@item :tblr
@item :tbrl
@item :btlr
@item :btrl
@end itemize


@node orientation
@subsection orientation
@Enum orientation
Values:
@itemize
@item :horizontal
@item :vertical
@end itemize


@node pack-direction
@subsection pack-direction
@Enum pack-direction
Values:
@itemize
@item :ltr
@item :rtl
@item :ttb
@item :btt
@end itemize


@node pack-type
@subsection pack-type
@Enum pack-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :start
@item :end
@end itemize


@node page-orientation
@subsection page-orientation
@Enum page-orientation
Values:
@itemize
@item :portrait
@item :landscape
@item :reverse-portrait
@item :reverse-landscape
@end itemize


@node page-set
@subsection page-set
@Enum page-set
Values:
@itemize
@item :all
@item :even
@item :odd
@end itemize


@node path-priority-type
@subsection path-priority-type
@Enum path-priority-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :lowest
@item :gtk
@item :application
@item :theme
@item :rc
@item :highest
@end itemize


@node path-type
@subsection path-type
@Enum path-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :widget
@item :widget-class
@item :class
@end itemize


@node policy-type
@subsection policy-type
@Enum policy-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :always
@item :automatic
@item :never
@end itemize


@node position-type
@subsection position-type
@Enum position-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :left
@item :right
@item :top
@item :bottom
@end itemize


@node preview-type
@subsection preview-type
@Enum preview-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :color
@item :grayscale
@end itemize


@node print-duplex
@subsection print-duplex
@Enum print-duplex
Values:
@itemize
@item :simplex
@item :horizontal
@item :vertical
@end itemize


@node print-error
@subsection print-error
@Enum print-error
Values:
@itemize
@item :general
@item :internal-error
@item :nomem
@item :invalid-file
@end itemize


@node print-operation-action
@subsection print-operation-action
@Enum print-operation-action
Values:
@itemize
@item :print-dialog
@item :print
@item :preview
@item :export
@end itemize


@node print-operation-result
@subsection print-operation-result
@Enum print-operation-result
Values:
@itemize
@item :error
@item :apply
@item :cancel
@item :in-progress
@end itemize


@node print-pages
@subsection print-pages
@Enum print-pages
Values:
@itemize
@item :all
@item :current
@item :ranges
@end itemize


@node print-quality
@subsection print-quality
@Enum print-quality
Values:
@itemize
@item :low
@item :normal
@item :high
@item :draft
@end itemize


@node print-status
@subsection print-status
@Enum print-status
Values:
@itemize
@item :initial
@item :preparing
@item :generating-data
@item :sending-data
@item :pending
@item :pending-issue
@item :printing
@item :finished
@item :finished-aborted
@end itemize


@node progress-bar-orientation
@subsection progress-bar-orientation
@Enum progress-bar-orientation
Values:
@itemize
@item :left-to-right
@item :right-to-left
@item :bottom-to-top
@item :top-to-bottom
@end itemize


@node progress-bar-style
@subsection progress-bar-style
@Enum progress-bar-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :continuous
@item :discrete
@end itemize


@node rc-token-type
@subsection rc-token-type
@Enum rc-token-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :invalid
@item :include
@item :normal
@item :active
@item :prelight
@item :selected
@item :insensitive
@item :fg
@item :bg
@item :text
@item :base
@item :xthickness
@item :ythickness
@item :font
@item :fontset
@item :font-name
@item :bg-pixmap
@item :pixmap-path
@item :style
@item :binding
@item :bind
@item :widget
@item :widget-class
@item :class
@item :lowest
@item :gtk
@item :application
@item :theme
@item :rc
@item :highest
@item :engine
@item :module-path
@item :im-module-path
@item :im-module-file
@item :stock
@item :ltr
@item :rtl
@item :color
@item :unbind
@item :last
@end itemize


@node recent-chooser-error
@subsection recent-chooser-error
@Enum recent-chooser-error
Values:
@itemize
@item :not-found
@item :invalid-uri
@end itemize


@node recent-manager-error
@subsection recent-manager-error
@Enum recent-manager-error
Values:
@itemize
@item :not-found
@item :invalid-uri
@item :invalid-encoding
@item :not-registered
@item :read
@item :write
@item :unknown
@end itemize


@node recent-sort-type
@subsection recent-sort-type
@Enum recent-sort-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :mru
@item :lru
@item :custom
@end itemize


@node relief-style
@subsection relief-style
@Enum relief-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :normal
@item :half
@item :none
@end itemize


@node resize-mode
@subsection resize-mode
@Enum resize-mode
Values:
@itemize
@item :parent
@item :queue
@item :immediate
@end itemize


@node response-type
@subsection response-type
@Enum response-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :reject
@item :accept
@item :delete-event
@item :ok
@item :cancel
@item :close
@item :yes
@item :no
@item :apply
@item :help
@end itemize


@node scroll-step
@subsection scroll-step
@Enum scroll-step
Values:
@itemize
@item :steps
@item :pages
@item :ends
@item :horizontal-steps
@item :horizontal-pages
@item :horizontal-ends
@end itemize


@node scroll-type
@subsection scroll-type
@Enum scroll-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :jump
@item :step-backward
@item :step-forward
@item :page-backward
@item :page-forward
@item :step-up
@item :step-down
@item :page-up
@item :page-down
@item :step-left
@item :step-right
@item :page-left
@item :page-right
@item :start
@item :end
@end itemize


@node selection-mode
@subsection selection-mode
@Enum selection-mode
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :single
@item :browse
@item :multiple
@item :extended
@end itemize


@node sensitivity-type
@subsection sensitivity-type
@Enum sensitivity-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :auto
@item :on
@item :off
@end itemize


@node shadow-type
@subsection shadow-type
@Enum shadow-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :in
@item :out
@item :etched-in
@item :etched-out
@end itemize


@node side-type
@subsection side-type
@Enum side-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :top
@item :bottom
@item :left
@item :right
@end itemize


@node size-group-mode
@subsection size-group-mode
@Enum size-group-mode
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :horizontal
@item :vertical
@item :both
@end itemize


@node sort-type
@subsection sort-type
@Enum sort-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :ascending
@item :descending
@end itemize


@node spin-button-update-policy
@subsection spin-button-update-policy
@Enum spin-button-update-policy
Values:
@itemize
@item :always
@item :if-valid
@end itemize


@node spin-type
@subsection spin-type
@Enum spin-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :step-forward
@item :step-backward
@item :page-forward
@item :page-backward
@item :home
@item :end
@item :user-defined
@end itemize


@node state-type
@subsection state-type
@Enum state-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :normal
@item :active
@item :prelight
@item :selected
@item :insensitive
@end itemize


@node submenu-direction
@subsection submenu-direction
@Enum submenu-direction
Values:
@itemize
@item :left
@item :right
@end itemize


@node submenu-placement
@subsection submenu-placement
@Enum submenu-placement
Values:
@itemize
@item :top-bottom
@item :left-right
@end itemize


@node text-buffer-target-info
@subsection text-buffer-target-info
@Enum text-buffer-target-info
Values:
@itemize
@item :buffer-contents
@item :rich-text
@item :text
@end itemize


@node text-direction
@subsection text-direction
@Enum text-direction
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :ltr
@item :rtl
@end itemize


@node text-window-type
@subsection text-window-type
@Enum text-window-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :private
@item :widget
@item :text
@item :left
@item :right
@item :top
@item :bottom
@end itemize


@node toolbar-child-type
@subsection toolbar-child-type
@Enum toolbar-child-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :space
@item :button
@item :togglebutton
@item :radiobutton
@item :widget
@end itemize


@node toolbar-space-style
@subsection toolbar-space-style
@Enum toolbar-space-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :empty
@item :line
@end itemize


@node toolbar-style
@subsection toolbar-style
@Enum toolbar-style
Values:
@itemize
@item :icons
@item :text
@item :both
@item :both-horiz
@end itemize


@node tree-view-column-sizing
@subsection tree-view-column-sizing
@Enum tree-view-column-sizing
Values:
@itemize
@item :grow-only
@item :autosize
@item :fixed
@end itemize


@node tree-view-drop-position
@subsection tree-view-drop-position
@Enum tree-view-drop-position
Values:
@itemize
@item :before
@item :after
@item :into-or-before
@item :into-or-after
@end itemize


@node tree-view-grid-lines
@subsection tree-view-grid-lines
@Enum tree-view-grid-lines
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :horizontal
@item :vertical
@item :both
@end itemize


@node tree-view-mode
@subsection tree-view-mode
@Enum tree-view-mode
Values:
@itemize
@item :line
@item :item
@end itemize


@node unit
@subsection unit
@Enum unit
Values:
@itemize
@item :pixel
@item :points
@item :inch
@item :mm
@end itemize


@node update-type
@subsection update-type
@Enum update-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :continuous
@item :discontinuous
@item :delayed
@end itemize


@node visibility
@subsection visibility
@Enum visibility
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :partial
@item :full
@end itemize


@node widget-help-type
@subsection widget-help-type
@Enum widget-help-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :tooltip
@item :whats-this
@end itemize


@node window-position
@subsection window-position
@Enum window-position
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :center
@item :mouse
@item :center-always
@item :center-on-parent
@end itemize


@node window-type
@subsection window-type
@Enum window-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :toplevel
@item :popup
@end itemize


@node wrap-mode
@subsection wrap-mode
@Enum wrap-mode
Values:
@itemize
@item :none
@item :char
@item :word
@item :word-char
@end itemize


@node gtk Flags
@section gtk Flags

@menu
* accel-flags::
* arg-flags::
* attach-options::
* button-action::
* calendar-display-options::
* cell-renderer-state::
* debug-flag::
* dest-defaults::
* dialog-flags::
* file-filter-flags::
* gdk-modifier-type::
* icon-lookup-flags::
* object-flags::
* private-flags::
* rc-flags::
* recent-filter-flags::
* signal-run-type::
* target-flags::
* text-search-flags::
* tree-model-flags::
* ui-manager-item-type::
* widget-flags::
@end menu

Reference of flags in package GTK

@node accel-flags
@subsection accel-flags
@Flags accel-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :visible
@item :locked
@item :mask
@end itemize


@node arg-flags
@subsection arg-flags
@Flags arg-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :readable
@item :writable
@item :construct
@item :construct-only
@item :child-arg
@end itemize


@node attach-options
@subsection attach-options
@Flags attach-options
Values:
@itemize
@item :expand
@item :shrink
@item :fill
@end itemize


@node button-action
@subsection button-action
@Flags button-action
Values:
@itemize
@item :ignored
@item :selects
@item :drags
@item :expands
@end itemize


@node calendar-display-options
@subsection calendar-display-options
@Flags calendar-display-options
Values:
@itemize
@item :show-heading
@item :show-day-names
@item :no-month-change
@item :show-week-numbers
@item :week-start-monday
@item :show-details
@end itemize


@node cell-renderer-state
@subsection cell-renderer-state
@Flags cell-renderer-state
Values:
@itemize
@item :selected
@item :prelit
@item :insensitive
@item :sorted
@item :focused
@end itemize


@node debug-flag
@subsection debug-flag
@Flags debug-flag
Values:
@itemize
@item :misc
@item :plugsocket
@item :text
@item :tree
@item :updates
@item :keybindings
@item :multihead
@item :modules
@item :geometry
@item :icontheme
@item :printing
@item :builder
@end itemize


@node dest-defaults
@subsection dest-defaults
@Flags dest-defaults
Values:
@itemize
@item :motion
@item :highlight
@item :drop
@item :all
@end itemize


@node dialog-flags
@subsection dialog-flags
@Flags dialog-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :modal
@item :destroy-with-parent
@item :no-separator
@end itemize


@node file-filter-flags
@subsection file-filter-flags
@Flags file-filter-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :filename
@item :uri
@item :display-name
@item :mime-type
@end itemize


@node gdk-modifier-type
@subsection gdk-modifier-type
@Flags gdk-modifier-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :shift-mask
@item :lock-mask
@item :control-mask
@item :mod1-mask
@item :mod2-mask
@item :mod3-mask
@item :mod4-mask
@item :mod5-mask
@item :button1-mask
@item :button2-mask
@item :button3-mask
@item :button4-mask
@item :button5-mask
@item :super-mask
@item :hyper-mask
@item :meta-mask
@item :release-mask
@item :modifier-mask
@end itemize


@node icon-lookup-flags
@subsection icon-lookup-flags
@Flags icon-lookup-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :no-svg
@item :force-svg
@item :use-builtin
@item :generic-fallback
@item :force-size
@end itemize


@node object-flags
@subsection object-flags
@Flags object-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :in-destruction
@item :floating
@item :reserved-1
@item :reserved-2
@end itemize


@node private-flags
@subsection private-flags
@Flags private-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :user-style
@item :resize-pending
@item :has-pointer
@item :shadowed
@item :has-shape-mask
@item :in-reparent
@item :direction-set
@item :direction-ltr
@item :anchored
@item :child-visible
@item :redraw-on-alloc
@item :alloc-needed
@item :request-needed
@end itemize


@node rc-flags
@subsection rc-flags
@Flags rc-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :fg
@item :bg
@item :text
@item :base
@end itemize


@node recent-filter-flags
@subsection recent-filter-flags
@Flags recent-filter-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :uri
@item :display-name
@item :mime-type
@item :application
@item :group
@item :age
@end itemize


@node signal-run-type
@subsection signal-run-type
@Flags signal-run-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :first
@item :last
@item :both
@item :no-recurse
@item :action
@item :no-hooks
@end itemize


@node target-flags
@subsection target-flags
@Flags target-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :same-app
@item :same-widget
@item :other-app
@item :other-widget
@end itemize


@node text-search-flags
@subsection text-search-flags
@Flags text-search-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :visible-only
@item :text-only
@end itemize


@node tree-model-flags
@subsection tree-model-flags
@Flags tree-model-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :iters-persist
@item :list-only
@end itemize


@node ui-manager-item-type
@subsection ui-manager-item-type
@Flags ui-manager-item-type
Values:
@itemize
@item :auto
@item :menubar
@item :menu
@item :toolbar
@item :placeholder
@item :popup
@item :menuitem
@item :toolitem
@item :separator
@item :accelerator
@item :popup-with-accels
@end itemize


@node widget-flags
@subsection widget-flags
@Flags widget-flags
Values:
@itemize
@item :toplevel
@item :no-window
@item :realized
@item :mapped
@item :visible
@item :sensitive
@item :parent-sensitive
@item :can-focus
@item :has-focus
@item :can-default
@item :has-default
@item :has-grab
@item :rc-style
@item :composite-child
@item :no-reparent
@item :app-paintable
@item :receives-default
@item :double-buffered
@item :no-show-all
@end itemize


