@menu
* border::
* progress-display::
* progress-window::
* tree-iter::
* tree-node::
@end menu

@node border
@section border
@Struct border
Superclass: @code{structure-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item @anchor{slot.border.bottom}bottom. Accessor: border-bottom.
@item @anchor{slot.border.left}left. Accessor: border-left.
@item @anchor{slot.border.right}right. Accessor: border-right.
@item @anchor{slot.border.top}top. Accessor: border-top.
@end itemize


@node progress-display
@section progress-display
@Struct progress-display
Superclass: @code{structure-object}

Subclasses: @ref{progress-window}

Slots:
@itemize
@item @anchor{slot.progress-display.bar}bar. Accessor: progress-display-bar.
@item @anchor{slot.progress-display.count}count. Accessor: progress-display-count.
@item @anchor{slot.progress-display.current}current. Accessor: progress-display-current.
@item @anchor{slot.progress-display.name}name. Accessor: progress-display-name.
@item @anchor{slot.progress-display.parent}parent. Accessor: progress-display-parent.
@item @anchor{slot.progress-display.time-started}time-started. Accessor: progress-display-time-started.
@end itemize


@node progress-window
@section progress-window
@Struct progress-window
Superclass: @ref{progress-display}

Slots:
@itemize
@item @anchor{slot.progress-window.box}box. Accessor: progress-window-box.
@item @anchor{slot.progress-window.window}window. Accessor: progress-window-window.
@end itemize


@node tree-iter
@section tree-iter
@Struct tree-iter
Superclass: @code{structure-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item @anchor{slot.tree-iter.stamp}stamp. Accessor: tree-iter-stamp.
@item @anchor{slot.tree-iter.user-data}user-data. Accessor: tree-iter-user-data.
@item @anchor{slot.tree-iter.user-data-2}user-data-2. Accessor: tree-iter-user-data-2.
@item @anchor{slot.tree-iter.user-data-3}user-data-3. Accessor: tree-iter-user-data-3.
@end itemize


@node tree-node
@section tree-node
@Struct tree-node
Superclass: @code{structure-object}

Slots:
@itemize
@item @anchor{slot.tree-node.children}children. Accessor: tree-node-children.
@item @anchor{slot.tree-node.id}id. Accessor: tree-node-id.
@item @anchor{slot.tree-node.item}item. Accessor: tree-node-item.
@item @anchor{slot.tree-node.parent}parent. Accessor: tree-node-parent.
@item @anchor{slot.tree-node.tree}tree. Accessor: tree-node-tree.
@end itemize


